Mission: X-PLORE 
Vessel: XH28U23 
Sponsors: United Organizations of Space Exploration and Devoteam - Cyber Space 
Origin: Planet 16-18-15-13-05-20-08-05-21-19 System: Betelgeuse 
Objective: Experts from the Betelgeuse Commercial Star Station (BCSS) have discovered the rarest material in the universe, known as Spice-G or Zeus’s Light. 
A single kilogram of this material is capable of powering a planet like Earth for several decades. 
The objective of this mission is to extract as much Spice-G as possible and return it to Earth to provide a solution to our energy needs.

Date: January 5th, 2017

Note: Our secret program has begun. We have arrived on Planet 16-18-15-13-05-20-08-05-21-19 in the Betelgeuse system. The program was initiated in 1990 and, thanks to a wormhole, we were able to bypass 615 years of travel time. This project is classified as military secret and cannot be shared. In 2023, we will begin operation X-PLORE. As part of my duties, I am required to document all crucial events in this journal.

Date: January 5th, 2023

Note: It is now day 250 in the Betelgeuse constellation. Despite some complications, we are ready to begin mission X-PLORE. We will be using the XH28U23 cargo vessel, which is equipped with advanced technology that will allow us to reach the Ran system in approximately six months. The crew will be placed in hibernation and cryogenic stasis for the duration of the journey. The XH28U23 is capable of traveling at light speed and we will also utilize wormholes to expedite our travel.

The crew is composed of: 
	- 2 Gerontologists who will study the effects of time dilation on travelers. 
	- 4 Medical doctors who will perform all necessary medical procedures during the flight. 
	- 2 Network and communication engineers who will maintain our X.OHM antennas and communication systems. 
	- 4 Cooks to ensure that everyone has enough to eat. 
	- 15 Spice extraction specialists who will extract Spice-G from the planet upon our arrival.
	- 1 White Hat hacker to protect us from potential cyber attacks by space pirates.
	- 1 Captain - myself.

Date: May 1st, 2023

Note: We are currently passing near a black hole (Charybdis A*) located between the Arcturus and Alpha Centauri systems. 
Unfortunately, we miscalculated our trajectory and there is a risk that we may be pulled into the black hole. 
While it is possible that the black hole could transport us near Earth, the likelihood of our survival is low. 
We can only hope that science will guide us through this perilous situation.
If something happens to us, our black box will fly directly to earth and land in the first spot it find. How research content and revelations will help the rest of humanity. 
If we fail you, don't fail us.

If something happens to us, our black box will automatically return to Earth and land at the first available location. 
The contents of our research and discoveries will be invaluable to the future of humanity. 
If we fail in our mission, we implore you to carry on our legacy and continue the pursuit of knowledge and progress. 
Don’t let our sacrifice be in vain.

Date : May 12th 2023 

THIS IS AN AUTOMATIC MESSAGE FROM THE XH28U23 VESSEL’S SECURITY SYSTEM. 
THE BLACK BOX HAS BEEN LAUNCHED TOWARDS EARTH AND IS EXPECTED TO LAND WITHIN THE NEXT 24 HOURS. 
THE CREW IS NO LONGER WITH US. ALL RESEARCH AND DISCOVERIES HAVE BEEN STORED IN THE BLACK BOX. 
END OF TRANSMISSION.